# Contribution Guide

See something on this site that is inaccurate, missing, or that could
simply be improved? There are multiple ways for you to help make this
site better, and we welcome all of them.

You can make modifications and contributions [using
Git](modifications), and we apply certain [checks](quality) to ensure
consistent documentation quality.

## Technical Writing Resources

Whether you are an experienced technical writer, a regular (or
not-so-regular) open source contributor, or you’re making your very
first writing contribution, there are a ton of helpful resources on
technical writing. Here are a few:

* [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/)’s [Technical Writing
  Guidelines](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/digitalocean-s-technical-writing-guidelines)
* [Red Hat](https://www.redhat.com)’s [Writing Style
  Guide](https://github.com/StyleGuides/WritingStyleGuide)
* [Gareth Dwyer](https://dwyer.co.za/)’s [Technical
  Writing](https://github.com/sixhobbits/technical-writing) repository
* [Bolaji Ayodeji](https://www.bolajiayodeji.com/)’s [Awesome
  Technical
  Writing](https://github.com/BolajiAyodeji/awesome-technical-writing)
  collection


## Markdown

The documentation on this site uses
[Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown). Markdown is a
documentation format that is rich enough to be useful for good
technical documentation, and yet simpler and easier to learn than
other formats like
[reStructuredText](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ReStructuredText) or
[DocBook](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DocBook) XML.

If you’re unfamiliar with Markdown, you can read up on its basics in
[this classic article by John
Gruber](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) if you’re
interested, but chances are that you’ll also find all the information
you’ll need in [this cheat sheet by Adam
Pritchard](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet),
or the [Start Writing guide from
GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

Or you simply look at the source of one of the pages on this site (try
the Edit button on this one!) and figure it out as you go along — it’s
really pretty straightforward.


## License

With the sole exception of trademarks like “{{brand}}” and the
{{brand}} logo, the content on this site is available under the
[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International
license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/), as you can
see from the ![CC
BY-SA](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/80x15/svg/by-sa.svg)
icon at the bottom of each page. Please keep in mind that you are
making your contribution under those terms.
